OK
Well, this beauty has got the top card here
Tell me, how much do you pay for a night?
I packed it, hmmm.
I'm very expensive
Can you afford it?
What are you afraid of, my grandma, I have money
can
You gave me all this money
Don't you feel sorry?
What's there to be distressed about?
I can get rich in the cold palace
As long as I leave Su Lingfeng's dog man
The sky is high and the sea is wide for me to fly
It's not easy to make money?
Hmm take it
Stay with me tonight
Shen Xingyao
How dare you!
Ah!
What do you do?
Your face is fixed
How can I be exactly like that dog man?
Shen Xingyao
I'm so worried about you
Send countless comfort searches all the way
You want to be happy and come here to drink flower wine
Still drinking like this